Dns docs (#1356)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/install/dns-setup.md

```
sudo mkdir -p /etc/resolver
sudo tee /etc/resolver/example.com > /dev/null <<EOF
nameserver 127.0.0.1
domain example.com
search_order 1
EOF
```

And finally kick the MacOS resolver so it sees the updates

```
sudo killall -HUP mDNSResponder
```

### Pi Hole

Pi Hole is a package that bundles dnsmasq as an image to run on a Raspberry Pi (or in Docker container e.g. on your NAS). Its main use is to block advertisements embedded in web pages. But since in its normal configuration it is already handling all the local DNS traffic, making us work with FlowForge is possible and means you do not need to change any settings on your development/test machine.

Create the following file in `/etc/dnsmasq.d` called `02-flowforge.conf`

```
address=/example.com/192.168.0.22
```

Where 192.168.0.22 is the ipv4 address of the Docker host machine or a Kubernetes node. And `example.com` is the domain to use.

After making the change you will probably need to restart things with:

```
sudo pihole restartdns
```

If running Pi Hole in Docker then you will need to create the file on the host and mount it to the `/etc/dnsmasq.d/02-flowforge.conf` location.

> ### No Local DNS server
> 
> If you really can't run dnsmasq then there is a possible alternative.
> 
> You can set the `domain` entry in the `flowforge.yml` configuration file to the following pattern `172.17.0.1.sslip.io`
> 
> This works because the `sslip.io` domain is set up to always return the IP address embedded in the hostname queried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### No Local DNS server

If you really can't run dnsmasq then there is a possible alternative.

A really useful service called sslip.io allows you to test FlowForge even when you cannot use dnsmasq. You can read more about [sslip.io on their web site](https://sslip.io).

You will need to set the `domain` entry in the `flowforge.yml` configuration file to the following pattern `172.17.0.1.sslip.io`. Don't forget to replace the IP address with the correct one for your configuration.

This will work because the `sslip.io` domain is set up to always return the IP address embedded in the hostname queried. 
```

# DNS Setup

When running FlowForge on Docker or Kubernetes you will need to be able to setup an entry in a DNS server.

This is because FlowForge uses hostname based routing to know which project you want to access.

By default the project name is used in combination with a supplied domain. In this document I will use `example.com` as the domain. (It doesn't need to be a "whole" domain, it could also be a sub domain of one you already own. e.g. `ff.example.com`).

If you are running Docker/Kubernetes on the same machine as the DNS server and Web Browser do not use `127.0.0.1` as the IP address to point the wild card domain at. This is because the host names will be looked up by the Web Browser, the Forge Application, and the Project Node-RED instances. The last 2 are running in containers and `127.0.0.1` will resolve to the container, not the entry point. 

## Production

> For a production deployment you will need to talk to who ever owns your DNS infrastructure.

Reviewer: I'd assume most customers (with a domain) would CRUD their DNS via a web based control panel so will set up the DNS record themselves. My point is, I think we should just tell them what they need to set up rather than suggest they seek help.

Author: We do in the next 2 sections, but we don't know if it's going to be a A record or a CNAME record until we know where/how they have deployed.

Reviewer: Sorry if it's not clear, I'm saying that this sentence implies the reader can't set up the DNS records themselves but I'd expect in most cases they can. If I could remember how to suggest an edit I would say it should be changed to...

For a production deployment you will need to have access to your DNS control panel, if you are not sure how to set up DNS records talk to whoever manages your DNS.

nameserver 127.0.0.1
domain example.com
search_order 1
EOF
```

And finally kick the MacOS resolver so it sees the updates

```
sudo killall -HUP mDNSResponder
```

### Pi Hole

Pi Hole is a package that bundles dnsmasq as an image to run on a Raspberry Pi (or in Docker container e.g. on your NAS). It's main use is to block advertisements embedded in web pages. But since in it's normal configuration it is already handling all the local DNS traffic, making us work with FlowForge is possible and means you do not need to change any settings on your development/test machine.

Create the following file in `/etc/dnsmasq.d` called `02-flowforge.conf`

```
address=/example.com/192.168.0.22
```

Where 192.168.0.22 is the ipv4 address of the Docker host machine or a Kubernetes node.
And `example.com` is the domain to use.

After making the change you will probably need to restart things with:

```
sudo pihole restartdns
```

If running Pi Hole in Docker then you will need to create the file on the host and mount it to the `/etc/dnsmasq.d/02-flowforge.conf` location.

### No Local DNS server

If you really can't run dnsmasq then there is a possible alternative.

> You can set the domain FlowForge uses to the following pattern `172.17.0.1.sslip.io`

Reviewer: How does a user actually do this? Do they need to set up a DNS record?

Author: No this is just internet "magic". The next line explains

Try it out

```
dig 172.17.0.1.sslip.io

dig www.127-0-0-1.sslip.io
```

Reviewer: Thanks, what I mean to say is that it implies the user needs to do something but I think you are saying it just works. I think we should make it clear that they don't need to do anything if that's the case.

Author: I'm saying you need to configure FlowFlorge to match, all the earlier examples use `example.com` which is what the shipped configuration files have as a default.
